---
title: Pastry in London
date: 2017-01-20 00:00:00 +00:00
layout: post
---

Everywhere in London, new food shops are being opened everyday in what can be felt like a boom in the restaurant market. The fierce competition between restaurants sees large chains engage in agressive expansions and huge improvement in quality. The result has been nothing short of spectacular with tremendously good-tasting food on every high street in London. 

The pastry sector has been no exception. Paul, a French bread and patisserie chain, has been expanding its operation to 28 locations in London with its latest shop being opened on Earl's Court Road. The success of the chain can definitely be attributed to the high quality of their products. Every ingredient tasted can be felt to have been made and judged by people with expertise and passions for great-tasting food. Their chocolate tastes so good, it is packages for sale separately. Paul's diverse range of product is also incredible. Whether you want a Palmier Biscuit for touring break or a Mini Croissant and coffee for lunch, Paul got you covered. The number of products in store are perfect, large enough to satisfy customers' preferences but small enough to stop them from feeling overwhelmed. The complaints for Paul are few: their online menu can definitely be redesigned while their wesbsite loading speed should really be improved. Overall, Paul promises great tasting pastry for every Londoner throughout the day in front of their offices.

If quality is your priority, a trip to Oree is well worth the money. Located in the South West of London on the street of Fulham Road, Oree is a new French bakery. Found by a French entrepreneur, Oree hopes to bring a taste of the boulangeries and patisseries of rural France to London. Their food is fantastic albeit pricey. Their Croissant is a must try. Its texture and sweetness are unrivalled in London. In fact, their food is so great, it has made me want to go to France just to taste actual French pastries. Despite all their qualities, Oree has a lot to improve on their customer service. It is definitely not the best in town and sometimes can be uncomfortable. Their daily selections can definitely be improved. No Chocolate Macaron in the morning definitely feel weird for a French bakery. Overall, Oree is good as a bakery but poor as a restaurant.

Paul and Oree are currently the best bakeries in London. A trip to either one of those two will make you never want to get bread from the supermarket again (if not for convenience and price). Nothing can ever beat a good Croissant in the Sun in London. Thanks to Paul and Oree, those moments are just that little bit sweeter.